---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "panos_certificate_profile Data Source - panos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# panos_certificate_profile (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location of this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `name` (String)

### Optional

- `block_expired_certificate` (Boolean) Whether to block a session if certificate status is expired.
- `block_timeout_certificate` (Boolean) Whether to block a session if cert. status can't be retrieved within timeout.
- `block_unauthenticated_certificate` (Boolean) Whether to block session if the certificate was not issued to the authenticating device.
- `block_unknown_certificate` (Boolean) Whether to block a session if cert. status is unknown.
- `certificate` (Attributes List) CA Certificate to assign to the profile. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--certificate))
- `certificate_status_timeout` (Number) Certificate status query timeout value in seconds.
- `crl_receive_timeout` (Number) CRL receive timeout value in seconds.
- `domain` (String) NetBIOS domain so the PAN-OS software can map users through User-ID.
- `ocsp_exclude_nonce` (Boolean) Whether to exclude nonce extension for OCSP requests.
- `ocsp_receive_timeout` (Number) OCSP receive timeout value in seconds.
- `use_crl` (Boolean) Enable use of CRL to verify the revocation status of certificates.
- `use_ocsp` (Boolean) Enable use of OCSP to verify the revocation status of certificates.
- `username_field` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--username_field))

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `panorama` (Boolean) Located in a panorama.
- `shared` (Boolean) Located in shared.
- `template` (Attributes) Located in a specific template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--template))
- `template_stack` (Attributes) Located in a specific template stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--template_stack))
- `template_stack_vsys` (Attributes) Located in a specific template stack, device and vsys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--template_stack_vsys))
- `template_vsys` (Attributes) Located in a specific template, device and vsys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--template_vsys))

<a id="nestedatt--location--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.template`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The template.
- `panorama_device` (String) The panorama device.


<a id="nestedatt--location--template_stack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.template_stack`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The template stack.
- `panorama_device` (String) The panorama device.


<a id="nestedatt--location--template_stack_vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.template_stack_vsys`

Optional:

- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device.
- `panorama_device` (String) The panorama device.
- `template_stack` (String) The template stack.
- `vsys` (String) The vsys.


<a id="nestedatt--location--template_vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.template_vsys`

Optional:

- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device.
- `panorama_device` (String) The panorama device.
- `template` (String) The template.
- `vsys` (String) The vsys.



<a id="nestedatt--certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `certificate`

Required:

- `name` (String)

Optional:

- `default_ocsp_url` (String) Default URL for ocsp verification.
- `ocsp_verify_certificate` (String) Certificate to verify signature in OCSP response.
- `template_name` (String) Template Name/OID that was used to sign the certificate.


<a id="nestedatt--username_field"></a>
### Nested Schema for `username_field`

Optional:

- `subject` (String) The common name.
- `subject_alt` (String) The Email or Principal Name.
