---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "panos_nested_address_object_list Data Source - panos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns a list of address objects.
---

# panos_nested_address_object_list (Data Source)

Returns a list of address objects.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Returns all address objects in vsys1.
data "panos_nested_address_object_list" "example" {
  location = {
    vsys = {}
  }
}

# Returns all running config IP Netmask address objects in vsys2
# that end in "_DMZ".
data "panos_nested_address_object_list" "example" {
  filter = {
    config = "running"
    value  = "ip_netmask is-not-nil && name ends-with ' DMZ'"
  }

  location = {
    vsys = {
      name = "vsys2"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location of this object. One and only one of the locations should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Specify various properties about the read operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))

### Read-Only

- `data` (Attributes List) The list of objects. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `device_group` (Attributes) (Panorama) The given device group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--device_group))
- `from_panorama` (Boolean) (NGFW) Pushed from Panorama.
- `shared` (Boolean) (NGFW and Panorama) Located in shared.
- `vsys` (Attributes) (NGFW) The given vsys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--vsys))

<a id="nestedatt--location--device_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.device_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) The device group name.

Optional:

- `panorama_device` (String) The Panorama device.


<a id="nestedatt--location--vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.vsys`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The vsys name.
- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device.



<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Which type of config the data source should read from. If the provider is in local inspection mode, this param is ignored. Valid values are "running" or "candidate". Default: `"candidate"`.
- `quote` (String) The quote character for the given filter. Default: `'`.
- `value` (String) A filter to limit which objects are returned in the listing. Refer to the filter guide for more information.


<a id="nestedatt--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description.
- `fqdn` (String) The Fqdn param.
- `ip_netmask` (String) The IpNetmask param.
- `ip_range` (String) The IpRange param.
- `ip_wildcard` (String) The IpWildcard param.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-].
- `tags` (List of String) Tags for address object.
