---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "panos_security_rule Data Source - panos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Returns information about the given security rule.
---

# panos_security_rule (Data Source)

Returns information about the given security rule.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Get info on the security rule named "foo" from vsys1.
data "panos_security_rule" "example1" {
  location = {
    vsys = {}
  }
  name = "foo"
}

# Get the running config spec for the post-rulebase rule from
# the shared location whose uuid is "9d35c525-631b-4dda-9543-93a819496245".
data "panos_security_rule" "example2" {
  filter = {
    config = "running"
  }
  location = {
    shared = {
      rulebase = "post-rulebase"
    }
  }
  uuid = "9d35c525-631b-4dda-9543-93a819496245"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location of this object. One and only one of the locations should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))

### Optional

- `filter` (Attributes) Specify various properties about the read operation. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--filter))
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-]. Either name or uuid must be specified.
- `uuid` (String) The UUID. Either name or uuid must be specified.

### Read-Only

- `action` (String) The rule action.
- `applications` (Set of String) The applications.
- `categories` (Set of String) The categories.
- `description` (String) The description.
- `destination_addresses` (Set of String) The destination addresses.
- `destination_devices` (Set of String) Destination HIP devices.
- `destination_zones` (Set of String) The destination zones.
- `disable_inspect` (Boolean) (PAN-OS 10.2+) Disable inspect.
- `disable_server_response_inspection` (Boolean) Disable server response inspection.
- `disabled` (Boolean) If the rule is disabled or not.
- `group_tag` (String) The group.
- `icmp_unreachable` (Boolean) ICMP unreachable.
- `log_end` (Boolean) Log at session end.
- `log_setting` (String) Log setting.
- `log_start` (Boolean) Log at session start.
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Negate the destination.
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Negate the source.
- `negate_target` (Boolean) Negate the target.
- `profile_settings` (Attributes) The profile settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--profile_settings))
- `qos` (Attributes) The QOS settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--qos))
- `schedule` (String) Schedule.
- `services` (Set of String) The services.
- `source_addresses` (Set of String) The source addresses.
- `source_devices` (Set of String) Source HIP devices.
- `source_users` (Set of String) The source users.
- `source_zones` (Set of String) The source zones.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags for address object.
- `type` (String) Rule type.

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `device_group` (Attributes) (Panorama) The given device group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--device_group))
- `shared` (Attributes) (Panorama) Located in shared. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--shared))
- `vsys` (Attributes) (NGFW) The given vsys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--vsys))

<a id="nestedatt--location--device_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.device_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) The device group name.
- `rulebase` (String) The rulebase. Valid values are `pre-rulebase` or `post-rulebase`.

Optional:

- `panorama_device` (String) The Panorama device. Default: `localhost.localdomain`.


<a id="nestedatt--location--shared"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.shared`

Required:

- `rulebase` (String) The rulebase. Valid values are `pre-rulebase` or `post-rulebase`.


<a id="nestedatt--location--vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.vsys`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The vsys name. Default: `vsys1`.
- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device. Default: `localhost.localdomain`.



<a id="nestedatt--filter"></a>
### Nested Schema for `filter`

Optional:

- `config` (String) Which type of config the data source should read from. If the provider is in local inspection mode, this param is ignored. Valid values are "running" or "candidate". Default: `"candidate"`.


<a id="nestedatt--profile_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile_settings`

Read-Only:

- `groups` (List of String) The groups.
- `profiles` (Attributes) Profiles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--profile_settings--profiles))

<a id="nestedatt--profile_settings--profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile_settings.profiles`

Read-Only:

- `anti_spyware_profiles` (List of String) Anti-spyware profiles.
- `anti_virus_profiles` (List of String) Anti-virus profiles.
- `data_filtering_profiles` (List of String) Data filtering profiles.
- `file_blocking_profiles` (List of String) File blocking profiles.
- `url_filtering_profiles` (List of String) URL filtering profiles.
- `vulnerability_profiles` (List of String) Vulnerability profiles.
- `wildfire_analysis_profiles` (List of String) Wildfire analysis profiles.



<a id="nestedatt--qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `qos`

Read-Only:

- `follow_client_to_server_flow` (Boolean) Follow client to server flow.
- `ip_dscp` (String) IP DSCP.
- `ip_precedence` (String) IP precedence.
