---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "panos_zone Data Source - panos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# panos_zone (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location of this object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `name` (String) The name of the zone.

### Optional

- `device_acl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--device_acl))
- `enable_device_identification` (Boolean)
- `enable_user_identification` (Boolean)
- `network` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--network))
- `user_acl` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--user_acl))

### Read-Only

- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `from_panorama_vsys` (Attributes) Located in a specific vsys in the config pushed from Panorama. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--from_panorama_vsys))
- `template` (Attributes) Located in a specific template. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--template))
- `template_stack` (Attributes) Located in a specific template stack. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--template_stack))
- `vsys` (Attributes) Located in a specific vsys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--vsys))

<a id="nestedatt--location--from_panorama_vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.from_panorama_vsys`

Optional:

- `vsys` (String) The vsys.


<a id="nestedatt--location--template"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.template`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The template.
- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device.
- `panorama_device` (String) The panorama device.
- `vsys` (String) The vsys.


<a id="nestedatt--location--template_stack"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.template_stack`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The template stack.
- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device.
- `panorama_device` (String) The panorama device.
- `vsys` (String) The vsys.


<a id="nestedatt--location--vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.vsys`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The vsys.
- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device.



<a id="nestedatt--device_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `device_acl`

Optional:

- `exclude_list` (List of String)
- `include_list` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--network"></a>
### Nested Schema for `network`

Optional:

- `enable_packet_buffer_protection` (Boolean)
- `layer2` (List of String)
- `layer3` (List of String)
- `log_setting` (List of String)
- `tap` (List of String)
- `virtual_wire` (List of String)
- `zone_protection_profile` (List of String)


<a id="nestedatt--user_acl"></a>
### Nested Schema for `user_acl`

Optional:

- `exclude_list` (List of String)
- `include_list` (List of String)
