---
layout: ""
page_title: "Provider: panos"
description: |-
  Terraform provider to interact with Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS.
---

# Palo Alto Networks PAN-OS Provider

PAN-OS&reg; is the operating system for Palo Alto Networks&reg; NGFWs and Panorama&trade;. The panos provider allows you to manage various aspects of a firewall's or a Panorama's config, such as data interfaces and security policies.

Use the navigation to the left to read about the available Panorama and NGFW resources.

~> **NOTE:** The provider requires the use of Terraform 1.8 or later.

-> **NOTE:** The panos provider resources and data sources are auto-generated based on [specs](https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/pan-os-codegen/tree/main/specs) using [pan-os-codegen(https://github.com/PaloAltoNetworks/pan-os-codegen/tree/main)

## Example Usage

```terraform
terraform {
  required_providers {
    panos = {
      source = "PaloAltoNetworks/panos"
      version = "2.0.0"
    }
  }
}

# Configure the PANOS Provider
provider "panos" {
  hostname = "hostname"
  username = "username"
  password = "password"
}

```

## Authentication

The following authentication methods are supported. From highest to lowest priority;

- Static credentials via provider block
- Environment variables
- Configuration file

### Static Credentials

!> **Warning:** Including hard-coded credentials in Terraform configurations is discouraged due to the risk of secret leakage.

Static credentials can be provided through either username-password combinations or API key-based authentication.

Usage:

```terraform
provider "panos" {
  hostname = "hostname"
  username = "username"
  password = "password"
}

# API key based authentication
provider "panos" {
  hostname = "hostname"
  api_key  = "api_key"
}
```

### Environment Variables

You can provide your credentials using the `PANOS_USERNAME` and `PANOS_PASSWORD` environment variables for username-password based authentication, or use `PANOS_API_KEY` for API key based authentication, along with `PANOS_HOSTNAME`.

```terraform
provider "panos" {}
```

Usage:

```sh
$ export PANOS_HOSTNAME="1.2.3.4"
$ export PANOS_USERNAME="username"
$ export PANOS_PASSWORD="password"
$ terraform plan
```

### Configuration Files

You can also supply configuration parameters for the provider using a JSON configuration file.

Usage:

```terraform
provider "panos" {
  auth_file = "/path/to/auth_file.json"
}
```


```json
{
  "hostname": "1.2.3.4",
  "username": "username",
  "password": "password",
}
```

```json
{
  "hostname": "1.2.3.4",
  "api_key": "api_key"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `additional_headers` (Map of String) Additional HTTP headers to send with API calls Environment variable: `PANOS_HEADERS`. JSON config file variable: `additional_headers`.
- `api_key` (String) The API key for PAN-OS. Either specify this or give both username and password. Environment variable: `PANOS_API_KEY`. JSON config file variable: `api_key`.
- `api_key_in_request` (Boolean) Send the API key in the request body instead of using the authentication header. Environment variable: `PANOS_API_KEY_IN_REQUEST`. JSON config file variable: `api_key_in_request`.
- `auth_file` (String) Filesystem path to a JSON config file that specifies the provider's params. JSON config file variable: `auth_file`.
- `config_file` (String) (Local inspection mode) The PAN-OS config file to load read in using `file()` JSON config file variable: `config_file`.
- `hostname` (String) The hostname or IP address of the PAN-OS instance (NGFW or Panorama). Environment variable: `PANOS_HOSTNAME`. JSON config file variable: `hostname`.
- `multi_config_batch_size` (Number) Number of operations to send as part of a single MultiConfig update Default: `500`. Environment variable: `PANOS_MULTI_CONFIG_BATCH_SIZE`. JSON config file variable: `multi_config_batch_size`.
- `panos_version` (String) (Local inspection mode) The version of PAN-OS that exported the config file. This is only used if the root 'config' block does not contain the 'detail-version' attribute. Example: `10.2.3`. JSON config file variable: `panos_version`.
- `password` (String, Sensitive) The password.  This is required if the api_key is not configured. Environment variable: `PANOS_PASSWORD`. JSON config file variable: `password`.
- `port` (Number) If the port is non-standard for the protocol, the port number to use. Environment variable: `PANOS_PORT`. JSON config file variable: `port`.
- `protocol` (String) The protocol (https or http). Default: `https`. Environment variable: `PANOS_PROTOCOL`. JSON config file variable: `protocol`.
- `sdk_log_categories` (String) Log categories to configure for the PAN-OS SDK library Environment variable: `PANOS_LOG_CATEGORIES`. JSON config file variable: `sdk_log_categories`.
- `sdk_log_level` (String) SDK logging Level for categories Default: `INFO`. Environment variable: `PANOS_LOG_LEVEL`. JSON config file variable: `sdk_log_level`.
- `skip_verify_certificate` (Boolean) (For https protocol) Skip verifying the HTTPS certificate. Environment variable: `PANOS_SKIP_VERIFY_CERTIFICATE`. JSON config file variable: `skip_verify_certificate`.
- `target` (String) Target setting (NGFW serial number). Environment variable: `PANOS_TARGET`. JSON config file variable: `target`.
- `username` (String) The username.  This is required if api_key is not configured. Environment variable: `PANOS_USERNAME`. JSON config file variable: `username`.
