---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "panos_security_policy_rules Resource - panos"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manges a group of security rules in the specified order.
---

# panos_security_policy_rules (Resource)

Manges a group of security rules in the specified order.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Create a single drop-all rule in vsys1 at the end of the security policy.
resource "panos_security_policy_rules" "example1" {
  location = {
    vsys = {}
  }
  position = {
    last = true
  }
  rules = [
    {
      name                  = "drop-all"
      action                = "drop"
      applications          = ["any"]
      categories            = ["any"]
      destination_addresses = ["any"]
      destination_devices   = ["any"]
      destination_zones     = ["any"]
      disabled              = true
      services              = ["application-default"]
      source_addresses      = ["any"]
      source_devices        = ["any"]
      source_users          = ["any"]
      source_zones          = ["any"]
    },
  ]
}

# Create a group of two rules in pre-rulebase of device group "foo"
resource "panos_security_policy_rules" "example2" {
  location = {
    device_group = {
      name = "foo"
    }
  }
  position = {}
  rules = [
    {
      name                  = "bluey"
      action                = "allow"
      applications          = ["any"]
      categories            = ["any"]
      destination_addresses = ["any"]
      destination_devices   = ["any"]
      destination_zones     = ["any"]
      disabled              = true
      services              = ["application-default"]
      source_addresses      = ["any"]
      source_devices        = ["any"]
      source_users          = ["any"]
      source_zones          = ["any"]
    },
    {
      name                  = "bingo"
      action                = "drop"
      applications          = ["any"]
      categories            = ["any"]
      destination_addresses = ["any"]
      destination_devices   = ["any"]
      destination_zones     = ["any"]
      disabled              = true
      services              = ["application-default"]
      source_addresses      = ["any"]
      source_devices        = ["any"]
      source_users          = ["any"]
      source_zones          = ["any"]
    },
  ]
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `location` (Attributes) The location of this object. One and only one of the locations should be specified. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location))
- `position` (Attributes) The location of the rule group. If none of the positions are defined, then the rules will only be sequentially placed, not in any particular location in the rulebase as a whole. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--position))
- `rules` (Attributes List) The list of security rules. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules))

### Optional

- `ordered` (Boolean) (Internal use) Validates that the rule ordering is ok. If the rules are unordered, then this will be set to `false` when state is read.

### Read-Only

- `tfid` (String) The Terraform ID.

<a id="nestedatt--location"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location`

Optional:

- `device_group` (Attributes) (Panorama) The given device group. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--device_group))
- `shared` (Attributes) (Panorama) Located in shared. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--shared))
- `vsys` (Attributes) (NGFW) The given vsys. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--location--vsys))

<a id="nestedatt--location--device_group"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.device_group`

Required:

- `name` (String) The device group name.

Optional:

- `panorama_device` (String) The Panorama device. Default: `localhost.localdomain`.
- `rulebase` (String) The rulebase. Valid values are `pre-rulebase` or `post-rulebase`. Default: `pre-rulebase`


<a id="nestedatt--location--shared"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.shared`

Optional:

- `rulebase` (String) The rulebase. Valid values are `pre-rulebase` or `post-rulebase`. Default: `pre-rulebase`


<a id="nestedatt--location--vsys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `location.vsys`

Optional:

- `name` (String) The vsys name. Default: `vsys1`.
- `ngfw_device` (String) The NGFW device. Default: `localhost.localdomain`.



<a id="nestedatt--position"></a>
### Nested Schema for `position`

Optional:

- `directly_after` (String) Locate the rule group directly after the given rule name.
- `directly_before` (String) Locate the rule group directly before the given rule name.
- `first` (Boolean) Locate the rule group at the top of the policy.
- `last` (Boolean) Locate the rule group at the bottom of the policy.
- `ok` (Boolean) (Internal use) Validates that the position is ok. If the position is not ok, this will be set to `false` when state is read.
- `somewhere_after` (String) Locate the rule group somewhere after the given rule name.
- `somewhere_before` (String) Locate the rule group somewhere before the given rule name.


<a id="nestedatt--rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules`

Required:

- `action` (String) The rule action.
- `name` (String) Alphanumeric string [ 0-9a-zA-Z._-].

Optional:

- `applications` (Set of String) The applications.
- `categories` (Set of String) The categories.
- `description` (String) The description.
- `destination_addresses` (Set of String) The destination addresses.
- `destination_devices` (Set of String) Destination HIP devices.
- `destination_zones` (Set of String) The destination zones.
- `disable_inspect` (Boolean) (PAN-OS 10.2+) Disable inspect.
- `disable_server_response_inspection` (Boolean) Disable server response inspection.
- `disabled` (Boolean) If the rule is disabled or not.
- `group_tag` (String) The group.
- `icmp_unreachable` (Boolean) ICMP unreachable.
- `log_end` (Boolean) Log at session end.
- `log_setting` (String) Log setting.
- `log_start` (Boolean) Log at session start.
- `negate_destination` (Boolean) Negate the destination.
- `negate_source` (Boolean) Negate the source.
- `negate_target` (Boolean) Negate the target.
- `profile_settings` (Attributes) The profile settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--profile_settings))
- `qos` (Attributes) The QOS settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--qos))
- `schedule` (String) Schedule.
- `services` (Set of String) The services.
- `source_addresses` (Set of String) The source addresses.
- `source_devices` (Set of String) Source HIP devices.
- `source_users` (Set of String) The source users.
- `source_zones` (Set of String) The source zones.
- `tags` (List of String) Tags for address object.
- `type` (String) Rule type.

Read-Only:

- `uuid` (String) The UUID.

<a id="nestedatt--rules--profile_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.profile_settings`

Optional:

- `groups` (List of String) The groups.
- `profiles` (Attributes) Profiles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--rules--profile_settings--profiles))

<a id="nestedatt--rules--profile_settings--profiles"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.profile_settings.profiles`

Optional:

- `anti_spyware_profiles` (List of String) Anti-spyware profiles.
- `anti_virus_profiles` (List of String) Anti-virus profiles.
- `data_filtering_profiles` (List of String) Data filtering profiles.
- `file_blocking_profiles` (List of String) File blocking profiles.
- `url_filtering_profiles` (List of String) URL filtering profiles.
- `vulnerability_profiles` (List of String) Vulnerability profiles.
- `wildfire_analysis_profiles` (List of String) Wildfire analysis profiles.



<a id="nestedatt--rules--qos"></a>
### Nested Schema for `rules.qos`

Optional:

- `follow_client_to_server_flow` (Boolean) Follow client to server flow.
- `ip_dscp` (String) IP DSCP.
- `ip_precedence` (String) IP precedence.
